# Deck Manager
 C++ program to manage a collection of Magic: The Gathering cards and decks.

I wanted to do a small project to practice C++. A common project is to create an "Accounting Program" and I wanted to do something like that but a bit different. I like Magic: The Gathering so I figured I could do something with that. This ended up being a bit more involved, but I also wanted to get some more practice with classes. The program is currently able to manage 60 card decks, but there are a lot of features I still want to add. What the program is currently able to do is create and edit .txt files of decklists, and compile them all into one large .txt file in the "collection" folder. The code relies on several classes and inheritance to manage the menu, submenus, decklists and collections. There is also a distinction between "proposed" and "published" decklists since I usually modify decklists significantly over time before I actually buy cards. If a deck is "proposed," changes to it do not affect your collection of cards. If you publish a proposed deck, all of the cards are added to your collection. 

There are 2 main features I am currently thinking about adding:
1)  I want to add another property where you can modify a "published" deck and re-add it to your collection without re-adding all of the cards. Something like taking out 5 cards and putting in 5 new ones should be pretty easy to do. The program would just find changes between the new decklist and old decklist and modify the collection file based on the changes.

2) Add in a json parser to be able to use card information. The program cannot currently check format legality, or verify whether a card you want to add to a deck is a valid MTG card. Commander legality depends on the color identity of the commander, but the program doesn't actually have any information on card data. I have found a large carddata.json file with this information, but I either need to write a parser or import one.
